nicely staring at you all night what do
you say we get out
what is it about this guy when I feel
this love I feel like a little top of
the world there things you don't know
I am sir I think I must be lost that
will shock you beyond your worst
nightmare I am innocent
you actually believe this garbage do
they did all the papers said how did his
name get on that suspect list
[Music]
I want to come see you I was really
hoping you did
this case is about catching a monster
ladies and gentlemen I am that innocent
suspect you are skating on thin ice
partner media is convicted Ted before
he's had his day in court
I'm Jack and you're not I wonder whether
he did it or not I'm more popular than
Disney mall
did you do these things absolutely not
they get back to plotting my escape here
[Music]